README.md, before:

## What?

This list is a public resource. It is a compilation of the names, github handles, and twitter handles of men shown to have participated in the harrassment of women.

## Why?

A few reasons.

* Tweets talking about mysogynist events in our community are too frequent to keep up to date with. Your new candidate seems awesome. They've spent a lot of time building awesome projects. But how can you be sure that your seemingly awesome candidate hasn't also [spent a great deal of time building projects that subjugate](http://rbt.asia/g/thread/S38721055#p38721055)?
* If you're a hiring manager, it's common practice to check a candidate's references before extending them an offer. This list should serve as an anti-reference. If you're serious about stopping mysoginy in the tech community, it's important to make sure that you're not enabling people who have been known to publicly (or otherwise) participate in the subjugation about women.
* [It's not safe for a woman to run this list](https://twitter.com/ashedryden/status/411919065255387136).

## I'm a woman, and I've been harrassed. I need to add a name to this list.

Please [send me an email](mailto:nick@nickcox.me), and, to the extent you feel comfortable, please provide a detailed account of the harassment, including links to tweets, or screenshots, if available.

## I’m on here. Take me off!

Gladly. Let's talk. Submit a pull request with why you think you shoudn't be on this list. Support your argument.

## This is libel! This is slander!

Not at all. It's simply linking to your already public online activity. We just need to keep it all in the same place for people to draw their own conclusions.

## Are you sure this is a good idea?

Not really, honestly. But I'm open to other suggestions.

<hr>

## The Wall of Shame

(Pull requests welcome)

Commit message:

Add link to report harrassment

README.md, after:

## What?

This list is a public resource. It is a compilation of the names, github handles, and twitter handles of men shown to have participated in the harrassment of women.

_Note that if the harrassment falls under the jurisdiction of the UK, you can report internet hate speech on the [Internet Hate Crime/Incident Reporting Form](https://secure.met.police.uk/hatecrime_internet/)._

## Why?

A few reasons.

* Tweets talking about mysogynist events in our community are too frequent to keep up to date with. Your new candidate seems awesome. They've spent a lot of time building awesome projects. But how can you be sure that your seemingly awesome candidate hasn't also [spent a great deal of time building projects that subjugate](http://rbt.asia/g/thread/S38721055#p38721055)?
* If you're a hiring manager, it's common practice to check a candidate's references before extending them an offer. This list should serve as an anti-reference. If you're serious about stopping mysoginy in the tech community, it's important to make sure that you're not enabling people who have been known to publicly (or otherwise) participate in the subjugation about women.
* [It's not safe for a woman to run this list](https://twitter.com/ashedryden/status/411919065255387136).

## I'm a woman, and I've been harrassed. I need to add a name to this list.

Please [send me an email](mailto:nick@nickcox.me), and, to the extent you feel comfortable, please provide a detailed account of the harassment, including links to tweets, or screenshots, if available.

## I’m on here. Take me off!

Gladly. Let's talk. Submit a pull request with why you think you shoudn't be on this list. Support your argument.

## This is libel! This is slander!

Not at all. It's simply linking to your already public online activity. We just need to keep it all in the same place for people to draw their own conclusions.

## Are you sure this is a good idea?

Not really, honestly. But I'm open to other suggestions.

<hr>

## The Wall of Shame

(Pull requests welcome)
